### react-redux
Redux的官方React绑定库。它能够使你的React组件从Redux store中读取数据，并且向store派发actions，从而更新数据。

API: 
    - 1、 Provider: 能够使所有的组件都能访问到redux store中的数据。  
            在Provider标签包围的所有组件里，都能通过prop拿到store。而不用在每个组件中单独引入。   
    - 2、 connect:  for components to read values from the Redux store (and re-read the values when the store updates).   
    
connect: 
- 1、mapStateToProps      
   * called every time the store state changes.    
   * It receives the entire store state, and should return a plain object that contains the data the comnponent needs.   
    **Defining mapStateProps**   
    mapStateToProps should be defined as a function.      
    ```
      const mapStateToProps = (state) =>{
        return {
          xxx: state.xxx
        }
      }   
    ```    
    **Arguments**   
    - 1、state   
        the entire Redux store state                       
    - 2、ownProps(optional)
        contain all of the props given to the wrapper component that was generated by connect.
    **Return**
    * Each field in the object will become a prop for your actual component
    * The values in the field will be used to determine if your components needs to re-render.
    
    Every time an action is dispatched, it calls store.getState() and checks to see if lastState === currentState. 
    If the two state values are identical by reference, then it will not re-run your mapStateToProps function.
                              
- 2、mapDispatchToProps：dispatch actions to the store   
    two ways: 
        * 当没有定义mapDispatchToProps，可以直接通过props中获得redux store中的dispatch方法。（props.dispatch(action creators)）
        * 定义mapDispatchToProps.
        
        
        
            
            